what I did what's happening you're too
well come on dev it's gonna okay - boy
so basically we're gonna we're doing a
what not a walkthrough the thing is this
ah this get in my way there's a looming
right there's no much but there's no
much material about a captain's chair on
YouTube so we're gonna do a little
run-through of it you know I show you
some of the bridges it's a waste of
money but I got off a base so it was
pretty cheap life is pretty cheap yeah
okay this isn't gonna be our usual
classy job with lost audio and wallet
filming it guys we're not gonna have
that much to say about I love it because
it's kind of welcome to the captain's
chair late museum michael barratt on
prostate cancer bridges as my Starfleet
most distinguished vessel I read a cop
history operation actually guys oh yeah
is that mutant
I went on the will it blend video will a
blend and I said to them would you
please do an episode of bullet blend
called Metro Barrett isn't a bigger idea
what will it blend
that's the question this woman because
the person married the mother of Star
Trek let's see let's put her on the
smoothie setting Oh
m'angil Barrett does don't breathe this
Sunday we know we have another way mmm
okay let's go to the good ship the rest
of the world line
7:01 which the cake it's legendary thing
under the command of absorber thanks
thanks module whoa check this out
Hey
wow this whoa oh well this is pretty
sweet goes to bruise the bicycle yeah
you know you just go in the different
parts of the ship wreck oh this is
just the bridge isn't it
on this stupid oh yeah oh that's pretty
trade go over here I think it's like a
ping pong mini gave me somewhere I can
be personalized buddies oh here we go
let's break out oh yeah its people and
it's a terrible version of it is not if
you play ping pong with bricks on the
time yeah what's cool break out I'll
break out the champagne oh pretty boy
here come on and it's still
vegetable
what's about it doesn't matter
where you eat and the pathologist
alright so that was pink one mmm they're
all it shows of us inside this
I can't imagine Spock is looking at that
a long time yeah no that's the engineer
Jana
whoa this is wrong take your out
there movies are you down everything my
muffins already so what all these
buttons do nothing any farther faces are
you go to technical what's that you just
pointed out it so my icing that's oh
that's useless developers did not order
yet Oh
Jesus loud yes but loud isn't it don't
know fun just okay well you're George
Takei does the thing I just did that
little loud and you press the center
button boom boom Wow Oh David forgets
the cap also going to talk name of the
game my job Barrett guys it doesn't burn
a month glad she's gone all she ever did
was slow me down
oh space yes please let me back on the
ship I have put my proposition 8 why
hold the shuttle control hi I'm George
Takei welcome to my home I'm Emperor do
room reluctant to captain of the
excelsior he served as helmsman like our
inventions Excelsior freemen since the
Excelsior every time a USS Enterprise
and I have a huge way when I was first
oh we're they throbbing leg are we alive
captain gene roddenberry I foot just
what studying in math the world when he
was choosing a name for my character
firstly when they called me Africa Sulu
Sea off the coast in the Philippines I
said no the waters of the sea
touch all shores he said and so it
became my character's name I'll touch
all met Arctic fans here one of the call
me Jim Singh
before Buddha has a liar-face I'm sorry
about the studio not the network right
mature it's the fans of their dedication
and support that is mean Star Trek hey
what do you know I got back George Oh Oh
George that's that's the original series
bridge yeah
look spits now oh whoa whoa whoa what
were you doing but the cop moved it too
much